Oh guys um welcome back his codename x
to the power of one here online
minecraft and today we are doing a map
review by a guy is cooled cashier I well
he's just loading up I was having a lot
what he's called again um has she
forgotten it was shot the expect to go
down she would add SAT alone anyway so
basically this guy he's created he's a
really good map maker and he's created
different maps I'm see cool dude MC King
82 on microphone yep and he makes really
good maps and he's still in progress
everything so he keeps making them but
this one is an excellent Matt it's cool
it's the nether basically but it's in
creative mode for now but he is making
it for survival but we could show you in
survival as well so we might do at the
end of this video because we know how to
change it anyway um as glowing it i'll
just show you around yeah we don't do
anything so easily this is another so it
looks just like the net up with some
soldiers down because I mean it's quite
dark and basically it's Louisville like
the Nezzer is and Scott although there's
a rack like that never has now on the he
says in there's um I solve updates that
he'll actually make it so its survival I
like this zombie pigman in which is
really good and plus in this there are
nether fortresses like this so um
basically if I light it up no you can't
really see very well but obviously it's
another so this dark yeah so you can see
it soon as a brick and this the lava are
really cool in this like the lab
techniques that he's used to make it
really cool mushrooms as well obviously
someone far basically to make a look a
whole lot like the nether so all we see
the long legs of the nether fortress go
down and the lava is really everyone so
this sort of makes it up for the for
love most it mojo makes it okay that
haven't actually produced a problem let
alone the eye
but have you joined the game because see
okay so basically um I'm a little bit
buggy I mean if you look in the sky
there are clouds obviously with sure he
probably made it he probably yelled
probably maybe in like before clouds
were actually it in put in the game but
um so now we have another madman running
around trying to do so so obviously have
the glowstone bits which look really a
septic and cool on to the actual sounds
like I should hire last I thought where
are you um he's found sort of a strip
even laugh a bit which I was really cool
and what's over here gravel I think this
is why is it brother I don't matter
always his problem of Memphis oh yeah
he's put gravel another which looks
really cool and obviously the lava
that's epic as well so it's a really
good map to choose if you want to do
like a nether self-survival or something
cuz when somebody pig might come out
just be absolutely amazing it's matt and
so you'll be able to survive in the
nether or try and do that could you be
able to yeah gasps Mike oh I'm not too
sure this is all areas over there it's
gonna annoy him look up oh you oh there
you are oh just jump in the lovely
mm-hmm see how to eat the love goes so
basically this maps really cool and
we're gonna put the link in the
description for it all credits go to MC
King 825 see making the map and check
him on the forum because he's got loads
of other maps to which literally ethics
as well so keep producing i'm seeking 82
and yeah glitch lover and so I'm still
on five boys clothes don't watch it
below in it is it's closer oh so this
nether looks a lot better than this
little blue box yeah like that
are you ready yeah place one bit closer
I mean so us guys it's kinda makes the
power 1 here have another loop sit next
to me and that what we were we yeah I
think well now next to this video butter
in survival yeah if I don't know wonder
why but I think a little so i'll just
get on to a nice floor plan so you back
in a minute I again I'm just gonna make
it yeah that's weather um we're back
again in the nether and look I am on
survival which is cool mm-hmm uh how he
does is the nether act I'd I know what I
die Oh God um it looks like i spawned on
an island which um it's quite annoying
cuz i mean there's creeper and spiders
in the netherlands actually see
obviously out gone oh Lola service
invisible suck on that I've swallow him
anyway so I wanted to get to the nether
fortress what obviously doesn't look
like I'm gonna be able to can actually
mind the stuff and I to actually keep it
when came I it's the power to joined I
basically what happened was because it's
always glitched usually when the other
person joins hit the his world was still
in the overworld basically yes so get
snow biome half in the nether so the
water came down like destroyed the
lavage I destroyed ice destroyed a bit
of ice and it made all the love and
oxygen I'm in a different place now it's
kind of weird I mean the fog on the iOS
doesn't has actly help yeah so I'm still
in the same place right so basically
guys this is in survival as a creeper
over there and the company spiders from
that Island as I spied island so white
as well so anyway guys um could I say an
assistant survival up of the linkage
don't forget